README.md, before:

<h3>Marketplace reboot</h3>
<p>This is a reboot of the marketplace project I made two weeks ago (<a href="https://github.com/dot319/Marketplace">this one</a>). I'm starting with a blank Laravel project and will rebuild it step by step.<br />
See how the project is coming along <a href="https://virtualyardsale.doriekeberends.nl">here</a>.
Visit the project Trello board <a href="https://trello.com/b/naFvOXNv/new-marketplace">here</a>.<br />
Visit my <a href="https://www.doriekeberends.nl">portfolio</a>.</p>

<b>Wednesday, November 14th 2018</b>
- Added user profile page
- Display user ads on profile page
- Users can edit their profile page

<b>Tuesday, November 13th 2018</b>
- Created an ad details page
- Users can now edit their own ads
- Users can now delete their own ads

<b>Monday, November 12th 2018</b>
- Styled registration form
- Pushed new project to github, replacing the old one
- Styled login page and nav bar
- Users can now upload ads to the database
- There is a "browse ads" page that lists all ads uploaded to the database

<b>Friday, November 9th 2018</b>
- Started with a new Laravel after discovering Laravels built-in registration and login system
- Set up Laravels native registration and login system
- Replaced all views provided by the Laravel registration/login system with new views (no native styling/nested divs etc)
- Created a landing page
- Added link to registration and login page

<b>Thursday, November 8th 2018</b>
- Starting out with a blank Laravel project
- Added a readme file
- Created a new <a href="https://trello.com/b/naFvOXNv/new-marketplace">Trello board</a> for the project.
- Created a welcome page with minimal styling
- Created a sticky navbar with a link to the homepage
- Uploaded the front page of the project to virtualyardsale.doriekeberends.nl and added a link in my portfolio
- Created a userscontroller and used it to point /users/register to users/create.blade.php 
- Created a userdatabase and a semi-styled user registration form with front-end and back-end validation 
- Added a link to the registration page to the navbar

Commit message:

Project is now live on heroku!

README.md, after:

<h3>Marketplace reboot</h3>
<p>This is a reboot of the marketplace project I made two weeks ago (<a href="https://github.com/dot319/Marketplace">this one</a>). I'm starting with a blank Laravel project and will rebuild it step by step.<br />
See how the project is coming along <a href="http://stark-beach-54911.herokuapp.com/">here</a>.
Visit the project Trello board <a href="https://trello.com/b/naFvOXNv/new-marketplace">here</a>.<br />
Visit my <a href="https://www.doriekeberends.nl">portfolio</a>.</p>

<b>Wednesday, November 14th 2018</b>
- Added user profile page
- Display user ads on profile page
- Users can edit their profile page
- Project is now also deployed through heroku <a href="http://stark-beach-54911.herokuapp.com/">here</a>.

<b>Tuesday, November 13th 2018</b>
- Created an ad details page
- Users can now edit their own ads
- Users can now delete their own ads

<b>Monday, November 12th 2018</b>
- Styled registration form
- Pushed new project to github, replacing the old one
- Styled login page and nav bar
- Users can now upload ads to the database
- There is a "browse ads" page that lists all ads uploaded to the database

<b>Friday, November 9th 2018</b>
- Started with a new Laravel after discovering Laravels built-in registration and login system
- Set up Laravels native registration and login system
- Replaced all views provided by the Laravel registration/login system with new views (no native styling/nested divs etc)
- Created a landing page
- Added link to registration and login page

<b>Thursday, November 8th 2018</b>
- Starting out with a blank Laravel project
- Added a readme file
- Created a new <a href="https://trello.com/b/naFvOXNv/new-marketplace">Trello board</a> for the project.
- Created a welcome page with minimal styling
- Created a sticky navbar with a link to the homepage
- Uploaded the front page of the project to virtualyardsale.doriekeberends.nl and added a link in my portfolio
- Created a userscontroller and used it to point /users/register to users/create.blade.php 
- Created a userdatabase and a semi-styled user registration form with front-end and back-end validation 
- Added a link to the registration page to the navbar
